README.md, before:

# Local Mix Project

This project is set up to facilitate the iteration on local Elixir development scripts using Watchman and IEx.

## Purpose of Files

- **.watchmanconfig**: Configuration for Watchman to watch the `lib` directory and ignore unnecessary directories.
- **.zshrc.deviex**: Project-specific zsh configuration file that sets up auto-completion for scripts in the `scripts` folder.
- **iex_watch.sh**: Script to start Watchman and IEx, and stop Watchman when IEx exits.
- **watchman-make.sh**: Script executed by Watchman to compile the project when files in the `lib` directory change.
- **scripts**: Directory containing Elixir scripts to be run.
- **.gitignore**: Specifies files and directories to be ignored by Git.

## Development Setup Instructions

1. Add the following to your `~/.zshrc`:

   ```sh
   # Project-specific configuration for ~/dev/local_mix_project
   if [[ $PWD == ~/dev/local_mix_project* ]]; then
     source ~/dev/local_mix_project/.zshrc.deviex
   fi
   # open up iex in the local_mix_project directory
   alias iexdev='cd ~/dev/local_mix_project && mix iex.watch'
   ```

2. Reload your zsh configuration:

   ```sh
   source ~/.zshrc
   ```

## Running Scripts

1. Open a terminal.
2. Type `iexdev` to start IEx with Watchman auto-compilation.
3. Use `run_script list_diff_test.exs` to run a script from the `scripts` folder.

Commit message:

update watchman to actually work with scripts folder

README.md, after:

# Local Mix Project

This project is set up for iterating on local development scripts with Elixir. It includes configuration for automatic recompilation using Watchman and running IEx sessions with custom scripts.

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- Ensure you have Elixir and Watchman installed.

```sh
  asdf install elixir
  brew install watchman
```

## Development Setup Instructions

1. Add the following to your `~/.zshrc`:

   ```sh
   # Project-specific configuration for ~/dev/local_mix_project
    if [[ $PWD == ~/dev/local_mix_project* ]]; then
      source ~/dev/local_mix_project/.zshrc.deviex
    fi

    # open up iex in the local_mix_project directory
    alias iexdev='~/dev/local_mix_project/iex_watch_cleanup.sh'
   ```

2. Reload your zsh configuration:

```sh
source ~/.zshrc
```

## Running Scripts

1. Open a terminal.
2. Type `iexdev` to start IEx with Watchman auto-compilation.
3. Use `IExHelpers.run_script("list_diff_test.exs")` to run a script from the `scripts` folder.
